Yeah, gender and my sexuality have just never been good things. Right outside the gate they were
problems and problematic and everybody else felt like they were a problem and I
was a problem or I'm a mistake is kind of how I felt. I really struggled with
gender identity issues at a really early age around four or five years old. So
navigating like big questions about identity and behavior, sexual behavior, alone really for the most part.
You're not designed to do it alone. That's why it's so hard. The more you're trying to
do it by yourself, the more you're working against the very way God created you to be. We're created to be together. We're created to be in relationship with one another.
I was struggling with a lot of addiction. I was estranged from my family and that was one of the
things that where Grace Abounds helped was helped me to get back in relationship with my family and start doing that real hard work of forgiveness and dealing
with my addictions that I had picked up. It was a space to talk about those things.
When I came to Where Grace Abounds, what I did not expect to find was a family. And you know I have family that I love dearly, biological family, and
but I didn't expect to find a space where I belonged and I could show up to the table with
my whole self. In the gay community I could find a lot of acceptance for my sexuality but my faith
was kind of like I don't know what to do with that.
At church, I could talk about God all day long, but, you know,
sexuality questions were really felt off-limits.
So showing up somewhere where I could bring all of that to the table was really,
I realized, like, I want to be part of this.
For people who are dealing with sexual and gender relational issues, what I want them
to know first is that they are not some anomaly.
I don't care how much it's in the news.
I don't care how often it's used as an example of the worst kind of sin.
They are no different than any other person on this earth,
that we're all in the same boat.
And I want them to know that because
the idea that they are set apart somehow and worse than
is part of the problem.
It keeps you from even starting to think through and reach out for help.
The secret of the spiritual life is continually beginning again. And I think that embodies grace.
Rather than, you messed up again, it's like, welcome back.
Welcome back.
Welcome back to the God who loves you.
Welcome back to the community that we're in this together.
People are really surprised that we're not just a group of people
sitting around being sad all the time.
There's space for sadness,
and we welcome that,
but it's also okay to be happy
and to experience joy.
He didn't create us to be on our own.
He created us to be in relationship
with one another and to be in community.
To be together while we're feeding the hungry and visiting people in prison and
to have a purposeful relationship ongoing with people.
We have people who have come from Hawaii, Alaska, California, Washington, Missouri, New York, Florida.
So it's exciting to just be able to offer our community in a broader way.
If I didn't have any responsibility, if I wasn't teaching, if I wasn't on staff at
Word Race Abounds, if I wasn't leading a small group that night, I would still want to come weekly
because it's the best thing I do for myself.
I think there's not only hope for what's to come, but there's hope right now
that I'm not left alone in the darkness by myself. Well, I had a therapist say,
I don't understand how you do truth and grace around these topics.
And I said, come and see.
Come on a Thursday.
Come and join us.
There is room for you in God's kingdom.
There is room for your child in God's kingdom. and there is a space where you can explore all of these things and still uphold god's truth
god's grace 100 no compromise